[CHUNK 0]
Bugs for IOS: 
Actual:Language is not changed when the language mode is changed to any different 
languages available 
Expected: Language mode must be changed  
Actual:In particular puja service, the text is over image and has no proper alignment 
Expected: Image should be proper and text should be

[CHUNK 1]
under the image. 
  
Actual:In menu the profile is not opening when clicked on the profile. 
Expected : profile should be opened and details of the user must be displayed. 
Actual: On Test page under “seek blessings in shravan” Money service option is not 
opening or redirecting to its services page

[CHUNK 2]
. 
Expected: Money service should work and redirect to its services 
Actual:On temple page “set up your temple” button is not working. 
Expected:On temple page set up your temple option should work and user should be able 
to set his own custom temple. 
Actual:In prasad deliverables “mor pankh” cta

[CHUNK 3]
is not working and able to add it into the 
cart. 
Expected: Cta should work and user should be able to add it in to the cart 
Actual: In “all services” sections services are not opening  
Expected: all services should open their respective page. 
Actual: On temple page music button is not showing t

[CHUNK 4]
o the respective displayed god 
music displaying songs not found 
Expected: On temple page according to the displayed god the songs should be displayed 
Bugs for Website: 
Actual:On puja page the puja cards not aligned properly they text is displayed on the 
image  
Expected: On puja page the image

[CHUNK 5]
should be properly displayed and text should be under 
that along with description  
Actual:On puja page for few puja services there is no participate option. 
Expected: Participate option should be there and when clicked the cat it should navigate 
to the particular service 
Actual:When tapped on s

[CHUNK 6]
ri mandir icon in the bottom right in the chat for every new 
question asked, Today icon is appearing on top of the question and disappearing after 
scrolling down. 
Expected:The today icon should be present above the first question that asked today not 
for every question 
Actual: In puja section w

[CHUNK 7]
hen changed mode to tamil, malayalam or kannada not able to 
book puja its redirecting to puja l1 page in english mode. 
Expected:In puja for tamil, malayalam or kannada when clicked on participate it should 
redirect to its l2 page. 

Actual: In website in nav bar when clicked library and then clic

[CHUNK 8]
ked on articles it is 
redirecting to samargri page in Hindi content  
Expected: When clicked on articles it should display the articles content and in English 
language  
Actual: In astrology calculator -> Nakshatra finder -> Janma Rashi finder it is redirecting to 
home page. 
Expected: It should

[CHUNK 9]
redirect to its particular service page.

